whats up youtube this is sea bass night
here bringing you got another fifa 15
introductory video and today we're going
to focus on the six gold goalkeepers
that are in the Bundesliga and they have
been released us far and today we're
going to start with the 77 overall Ralph
farman of FC Schalke not very good stats
and I believe you can attest to that he
has 83 reflexes that's the best on the
entire card but other than that
everything's in the 70 is not a good
card he is 65 however and maybe that
will play a positive advantage in his in
his role but I don't see it happening I
will not be getting Farman our next
keeper is going to be the 81 overall
Jose rainia of FC bayern munchen a new
transfer and as 30 years old he's got
pretty good stats 81 and 83 respectively
for diving in reflexes pretty decent 80
overall positioning in 87 kicking that's
that's pretty good i don't know if i'll
be using him that much it might be a
backup keeper maybe for one of my other
teams my lower quality team but not a
bad card overall here is the man the
king of fifa 14 cheap goalkeepers rene
adler of FC hamburger that's funny where
huh alright anyway his stats are pretty
good i mean they dropped a little bit he
was 86 and 86 for diving and reflexes
last year nineteen eighty five
eighty-five not too bad 79 handling I
can deal with that eighty positioning
that's very very good not a bad card I
am sad that he did drop to overall it
makes me not when using but at 63 he's
got some height on him he's got some
reach so I think that diving and reef
reflexes will definitely help out he
might be one of the go two goalkeepers
that I used this year in fifa15 onward
through the 82 overall by a laborer
coussin goalkeeper Bernd Leno I think
it's a stage name anyway linno is 21
years old that's amazing he's hit the
ceiling on this guy's I made he will
keep playing for a long time and he'll
be one of those guys that are in the
upper 80s in the years to come
and so he's got 82 diving 83 reflexes
that's fantastic 82 handling 81 kicking
83 positioning all around a great car
even though he has 46 other than 46
speed that's that's not really going to
inhibit his movement on the pitch too
much because the goalkeepers are already
Opie from what I can tell moving onward
to Roman Weidenfeller of Borussia
Dortmund at the age of 33 years old this
man is still got it going on between the
sticks 83 overall 82 dat reflexes 84
handling 85 positioning all around a
very good cord is kicking in his speed
art to brag about but I don't really
care everything else looks very very
nice he is definitely okay probably
going to be the guy I go to in that if
you know the very beginning of FIFA 15
because I'm not going to be able to
afford the next down this list
lookie who we have here dark lawyer also
known as Manuel Neuer he is just a
freaking Jedi man he's going to be so
overpowered on this game he's going to
make saves that I swear you'll think
he's using the Force or something this
guy is going to be an amazing card you
know goalkeeper starting goalkeeper from
the Germany national team I want a world
cup in the summer one a champions league
title with mime unit all the freaking
german league titles he can muster this
guy's an 87 diving card 86 reflexes 85
handling 58 speed 92 kicking 90
positioning even with it 58 speed i
think he should be a little higher cuz
he's you know he runs out the box
constantly basically at centre-back as
well but guys this card is awesome it's
going to be so expensive on 15 but if
any of you guys can get a hold of it
please comment let me know that you get
it in the future and send me a picture
just so i can believe you have it
because man it's gonna be scarce getting
this card because it is so it's it's so
high rated look at it 90 I can't read
the last time I goalkeepers naughty so
anyways I mean these goalkeepers on FIFA
15 or already Opie and the demo so I
cannot imagine how much of a beast this
guy's going to be Darth moyer our
highest-rated goalkeeper of the year an
amazing card so guys if you did like
this video go ahead and leave a light
for me and a comment if you'd like to I
will do my very best to get back to
everyone who comments on my channel i
will try so hard to do that i don't care
if you say something good something bad
i'll try to get back to you and if you'd
like to subscribe i would love that even
more because when FIFA 15 comes out I
will be doing weekly videos if not daily
maybe every other day videos of gameplay
pinkslips pack openings and reviews so
yeah guys go ahead and get on the
bandwagon before it gets going and I
will see you guys on the next video
thanks and godbless